Add k6 browser `page.on()` docs (#1308)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/07 k6-experimental/01 browser/10 Page/on.md

---
title: 'on(event, handler)'
excerpt: 'Browser module: page.on method'
---

Allows the definition of an event handler function that will be executed every time the specified event is emitted.

| Parameter       | Type   | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|-----------------|--------|---------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | event        | string  | `''`    |  Event to attach handler to. Currently, only `'console'` event is supported.                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| event        | string  | `''`    |  Event to attach the handler to. Currently, only the `'console'` event is supported.                                                                                                               |
```

Author: Fixed in [d49b29c](https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1308/commits/d49b29cc34257f3a4e508c4449b308530eb455a8).

| handler        | function  | `null`    |  A function to be called every time the specified event is emitted.                                                                                                               |

> <Blockquote mod="warning" title="">

Reviewer 2: Maybe this could be a note instead of a warning. A warning feels like it's too strong for case.

Reviewer 3: I'm +1 for keeping this as a warning, as without this, user tests will hang 🤔

Reviewer: Looking at our style guide in the [writers-toolkit](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/style-conventions/#cautions), I'd say this falls somewhere in between a `note` and `warning`.

We don't have a `caution` type like we do in the Grafana docs, but I see we do have an `attention`. Maybe we can use that instead?

Author: That looks good! Fixed in [73ec98b](https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1308/commits/73ec98bd3085a12424bcd03faf73b8faac8226b3).

> When using `page.on` method, the page has to be explicitly [closed](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/browser/page/close/) for the iteration to be able to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `page.on` method, the page has to be explicitly [closed](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/browser/page/close/) for the iteration to be able to finish.
```

Author: Fixed in [d49b29c](https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1308/commits/d49b29cc34257f3a4e508c4449b308530eb455a8). Thanks for your review :+1:

</Blockquote>

> ### on('console')

Author: Should this be an `Events` section containing a table? Or should we keep it like this as there is only one supported event by now?

Reviewer: Just my two cents, I think switching it to a table might be better. As a heading, it took me a second to understand what exactly this section was referring to, and I think switching it to a table (even if it's just one item) might make it easier to parse the page as a whole.

Author: I tried the table approach in [f069738](https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1308/commits/f069738ba4c705ec0880d211d8aca6b4431f3562). Let me know what do you think.

Reviewer: I like this better! Thanks for making the change. 🙇

---
title: 'on(event, handler)'
excerpt: 'Browser module: page.on method'
---

> Allows the definition of an event handler function that will be executed every time the specified event is emitted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Registers a handler function that listens for specified page events emitted.
```
